bg dark-room.png
ch left alex default #
_ ? "Alex stands alone in a dimly lit room, anger and embarrassment etched on his face. He paces back and forth, deep in thought, trying to make sense of the curse that has befallen him."
_ alex "How did it come to this? Cursed in front of everyone by Best Dad Ever... How could this reckless girl know that I was using my powers?"
_ alex "I can't believe it. I should’ve been more careful with it – these are divine creatures after all, not the pathetic mortals I used to deceive."
_ ? "As Alex mulls over his predicament, a sudden shimmering in the air catches his attention. The living slot-machine materializes, its presence emitting an air of sarcasm and irony."
ch right slot-machine default #
_ slot-machine "Well, well, well, look who's here! The unlucky winner of the cursed jackpot! Bravo, Alex, bravo! What’s with that face? I can’t make out if it’s full of anger, shame, and or embarrassment."
_ alex "Oh great, the manifestation of my curse has graced us with their presence to taunt me."
_ slot-machine "Oh, you got that right, kiddo! It’s my favorite part – to watch the look on their sad and angry faces!"
_ alex "So, I’m not the first to be cursed with flying junk?"
_ slot-machine "Still witty, aren’t you? I bet you won’t be joking around after I tell you how exactly this curse works. Consider this as a crash course and me as your sarcastic guide through this twisted realm of chance."
_ alex "Fine, just get on with it. How exactly does this curse even function?"
_ slot-machine "Well, my dear cursed friend, every decision you make, no matter how big or small, will now rely solely on the luck of the draw. And guess what? I'm the one in control!"
_ alex "So, I have no control over my own choices anymore? It's all determined by...you?"
_ slot-machine "Bingo! You're catching on, champ! Still want to call me flying junk? Ha-ha. Every spin of my reels will decide your fate. Should be a blast, don't you think?"
_ alex "This is insane. How am I supposed to live like this? How can I break free from this god-forsaken curse?"
_ slot-machine "Break free? Oh, my dear Alex, you're trapped. Embrace the chaos or drown in your own misfortune. That's the name of the game now. Don’t you like games?"
_ alex "No, I won't accept that. There must be a way to overcome this curse, to regain control of my own life."
_ slot-machine "Oh, the optimism of a poor, cursed soul. There is nothing that can help you, but whatever. Anyway, good luck and see you soon."
_ ? The scene ends with the slot-machine's laughter echoing in the room as Alex grapples with his newfound fate.
ch right ? default #
_ alex "What the crazy story I got into this time? The beginning of the competition was great, no one of these gods and other creatures could’ve known that they were tricked, but that girl…."
_ alex "She has something against me, I can tell that because of the look on her face."
_ ? "Amanda barges into the dimly lit room, she is angry. She locks eyes with Alex, who stands nearby, a mixture of resentment and frustration etched across his face."
ch right amanda default
_ amanda "Well, well, well... Look who we have here. The infamous cheater, Alex. I can't say I'm thrilled to see you." #
_ alex "Oh, believe me, the feelings are mutual. Who the heck are you anyway and what do you want from me?"
_ amanda "There is no need for me to explain my identity to your miserable soul. My dear father, the god of wisdom, has sent me to find you. Consider yourself lucky... or unlucky, depending on how you see it."
_ alex "Lucky, huh? I'm positively thrilled to have the pleasure of your company. So, what does your father want from me now?"
_ amanda "It's not about what he wants from you, it's about what you owe him. You've caused enough trouble with your divine abilities, and now it's time to face the consequences."
_ alex "Consequences? Coming from you, that's rich. Your self-righteousness is truly a sight to behold."
_ amanda "Spare me your sarcasm, Alex. My father's command is clear. You're coming with me, whether you like it or not."
* manual ("Agree to go with her." story0_1 50) ("Fight her." story0_2 0)